Page 1 of 4
REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI)
Targeting & Geospatial-Intelligence Program Management Office
THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. This notice is for information and
planning purposes only. In accordance with Part 10 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the
Government is conducting market research to determine the availability and adequacy of
potential business sources in developing the software identified below that meets the
Government's requirements. This Request for Information (RFI) does not constitute a solicitation
for bids or proposals and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The
information herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for or
award a competitive contract. Proprietary information will be accepted and handled
appropriately. Responders should indicate which portions of their responses are proprietary and
should mark them accordingly. The Government is not obligated to and will not reimburse the
contractor for any costs associated with preparing or submitting a response to this notice and
submittals will not be returned to the sender.
This RFI is from the Targeting & Geo-spatial Intelligence (T&G) Program Management Office
(PMO), Intelligence Systems Branch (HBBI) of the Air Force Life Cycle Management Center
(AFLCMC), Battle Management Directorate (HB) located at 11 Barksdale Street, Hanscom
AFB, MA 01731.
1.0 Description
1.1 The T&G PMO is seeking information on how an interested contractor could provide staffing-
sustainment services and further develop systems for the Joint Targeting Toolbox (JTT) Programs
using agile devops. The contractor must have the knowledge, processes, and tools required to
sustain and maintain separate deployable software baselines, using agile software methodologies.
The contractor must also have the facilities available to host both unclassified and classified
environments, within a virtualized infrastructure, and provide a helpdesk to support user
engagement. Additionally, the contractor personnel must have the ability to travel within austere
environments to provide support to fielded systems
1.2 System Description: The Joint Targeting Toolbox (JTT) is an ACC sponsored capability which
provides standardized, secure, automated decision support for joint and allied commanders
worldwide. The system is deployed at command and control nodes at the national, force and
component elements in support of decision-makers and will include targeting capabilities
compatible within the force/theater-level common operating environments (plan, execute, and
assess). JTT will support joint/coalition combat operations which support integrated air, ground,
naval, space and cyber targeting functions throughout the joint targeting cycle (JTC) to include
objectives, target development, capabilities analysis, force assignment, force execution and
assessment working seamlessly between multiple security domains. JTT will give the targeting
community the ability to be interoperable and collaborative across the joint enterprise. JTT will
allow end- to-end target planning, via host/core service and joint C2 systems, by targeteers and
target specialists at all planning levels and nodes.
 Page 2 of 4
2.0 Background
The T&G PMO is pursuing continued efforts to sustain and develop the JTT program, in support
of global joint, service, and multinational operations that will deliver robust targeting capabilities
to the end user. Types of sustainment services include information assurance, engineering, help
desk support, software sustainment and development.
2.1 Planned Start Date: NLT 30 Dec 2018
2.2 Delivery Period: Three (3) years (1 yr Base, two 1 yr Options)
2.3 Limitations: All employees involved in the project must be U.S. Citizens and access to the
project, tools, repositories, and data must be controlled in a way that would prevent any non-
citizens from accessing.
2.4 Security Requirements: All key personnel should have a Secret clearance.
2.5 Total Estimated Contract Value: $5- $10M
3.0 Requested Information
Please provide a White Paper (no more than 5 pages) that contains the following information:
3.1 Company Overview: A brief overview of your company and personnel. Also, if your
company is a prime vendor on any Government Wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC)
vehicle(s) (i.e. GSA Alliant, STARS-II, NETCENTS II, etc.) please provide a list of these
contracts.
3.2 Technical Overview: Provide your company's technical overview as it relates to software
development and sustainment, design and test, end user engagement, cybersecurity, and
configuration management.
3.3 Previous US Government Contracts/Efforts: If your company has worked with a
Government Agency on a software intensive program, please identify the projects, whether
you were a prime or subcontractor, points of contact, dates, contract numbers, dollar value,
period of performance, the domain of production environment (e.g. NIPR, SIPR, JWICS,
etc.), and whether or not your company led or contributed to a Risk Mitigation Framework
package for an interim authority to test (IATT) or authority to operate (ATO).
3.4 Technical Question Responses: Provide a response answering as many of the following
questions as feasible. Reponses should address how your company has employed agile
software development methodologies, especially continuous delivery, as it applies to
applications your company has worked on/delivered. Ensure that your response directly
links your answers to the questions below:
1. Provide a brief overview of your current deployment and production cycle.
2. How often does your organization deploy code to production or to end users? Can they
do it on demand, throughout the software delivery cycle?
3. How long does it generally take to restore service when a service incident occurs (e.g.,
unplanned outage, service impairment)?
 Page 3 of 4
4. What percentage of the changes either result in degraded service or subsequently require
remediation (e.g., lead to service impairment, service outage, require a hotfix, rollback,
fix forward, patch)?
5. What percentage of your code is covered by automated tests? What tools do you use for
test automation?
6. How do you ensure teams have a good understanding of the flow of work from the
business all the way through to customers, and whether they have visibility into this flow,
including the status of products and features?
7. What percentage of your work, would you say, is manual for each of these for categories:
configuration management, testing, deployments, and change approval processes?
8. Would you say that fast feedback on the quality and deployability of the system is
available to everyone on the team, and people make acting on this feedback their highest
priority? Please provide at least one recent example.
9. Describe how you would architect a software system so that testing can be done without
requiring an integrated environment.
10. How much of the architecture you have developed is patterned as microservices?
11. Describe the extent to which you employ API-based collaboration.
12. What experience do you have building web applications? Please provide any government
contract numbers and points of contacts if possible.
13. What frameworks and programming languages were utilized in building the
aforementioned web applications?
14. What experience do you have with databases?
15. Describe the process you use for building a web application with multiple contributors.
16. Describe your company's experience with agile software development processes. What
tools has your company used to assist in participating in or executing Agile processes?
17. What metrics would your company use to report success with the resources (time and
money) invested and by the government?
18. Provide an example of applications where you had to use existing data that was
constrained with proprietary data formats.
19. What contract types would you recommend in our proposed agile development setting
and why?
20. Describe your company's hiring, retention and training practices. Identify your company
turnover ratio and how quickly you can replace personnel.
21. What additional expertise do you have that you feel is relevant?
4.0 Responses
4.1 Interested parties are requested to respond to this RFI with a white paper.
4.2 White papers in Microsoft Word are due no later than Friday, 17 November 2017, 1500
EDT. Responses shall be limited to 5 pages and submitted via e-mail to
kristina.botelho@us.af.mil. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property
and will not be returned.
4.3. Section 1 of the white paper shall provide administrative information (not included in the page
count), and shall include the following as a minimum:
4.3.1. Name, mailing address, cage code, DUNS, phone number, fax number, and e-mail of
designated point of contact.
 Page 4 of 4
4.3.2. North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 541512, Computer
Systems Design Services -Business type (large business, small business, small disadvantaged
business, 8(a)-certified small disadvantaged business, HUBZone small business, woman-
owned small business, very small business, veteran-owned small business, service-disabled
veteran-owned small business) based upon.
4.3.3 The facility security clearance
4.4.4 What contract types would you recommend in our proposed agile development setting
and why?
5.0 Questions
Questions regarding this announcement shall be submitted in writing by e-mail to the Contracting
Officer, kristina.botelho@us.af.mil.
______________________________
KRISTINA T. BOTELHO
Contracting Officer
Intelligence Systems Branch
BOTELHO.KRISTI
NA.T.138161141
4
Digitally signed by
BOTELHO.KRISTINA.T.1381611414
DN: c=US, o=U.S. Government,
ou=DoD, ou=PKI, ou=USAF,
cn=BOTELHO.KRISTINA.T.1381611414
Date: 2017.10.31 06:49:11 -04'00'